



LOK SABHA GENERAL ELECTION - 2014





















ELECTION MANIFESTO OF THE

ALL INDIA ANNA DRAVIDA

MUNNETRA KAZHAGAM




INDEX













Sl.


Contents

Page

No.



No.
















I.
INTRODUCTION



4









II.
ACHIEVEMENTS



4








1.
Revolution in Education

5-7











2.
Health




7-9








3.
Social Welfare Schemes

9-10










III.
BETRAYAL
OF
TAMIL
NADU BY
THE
11-13


CONGRESS
COALITION
GOVERNMENT



AT THE CENTRE AND THE DMK










IV.
ELECTORAL PROMISES










(A) Pertaining to Tamil Nadu

13-14








1.
Co-operative Federalism

14








2.
Srilankan Tamils Issue

14-15








3.
Welfare of the Fishermen of

15-16



Tamil Nadu











4.
Retrieval of Katchatheevu

16








5.
Foreign Direct Investment in

17



Retail Trade











6.
Tamil as Official Language

17







7.
Universal Public Distribution System
18








8.
Allotment of Kerosene

18-19









9.
Establishing
and  Strengthening
of
19



Power Transmission Corridors












2



10.
DAS Licence to Tamil Nadu
19-20


Arasu Cable TV Corporation






11.
Cauvery Management Board
20





(B) Electoral Promises at the National level





12.
Secularism
20-21





13.
Social Justice
21-22





14.
Women’s Welfare
22-23





15.
Women’s Reservation
23-24





16.
Nationalisation and Inter-linking
24-25


of Rivers






17.
Shareholding in Public Sector
25-26


Enterprises






18.
Foreign Policy
26





19.
Petrol, Diesel, Natural Gas
26-28


Pricing Policy






20.
Recovery of Black Money
28





21.
Review of Double Taxation Avoidance
28-29


Agreements with Other Countries






22.
Vision - 2023
29





23.
Minorities Welfare
29-30





24.
Welfare of Senior Citizens
30





25.
Welfare of the Differently Abled
31

26. 	Amending the Income Tax Act to 31-32 ensure that States are not deprived of Revenues 
3



27.
Coal Scam
32






28.
Ensuring Fair Pricing of
32-33



Natural Resources







29.
Personal Income Tax
33






30.
Export-Import Policy
33-34






31.
Action to Augment the
34-35



Financial Resources of States







32.
Opposition to the Recommendations of
36



the Raghuram Rajan Committee







33.
Financial Transfers to Local Bodies
37






34.
Macro Economic Policy and
37-38



Financial Policy







35.
Agriculture
38-39





36.
Farmers’ Protection Programme
39-40





37.
Manufacturing Sector
40-41





38.
Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
41





39.
Unorganised Labour Welfare
41-42






40.
Textile Industry
42





41.
Increasing Employment
42-43





42.
Eradication of Corruption
43-44





43.
A Central Government which performs
44





V.
CONCLUSION
44-45





4


LOK SABHA GENERAL ELECTION – 2014


ELECTION MANIFESTO OF

ALL INDIA ANNA DRAVIDA MUNNETRA KAZHAGAM



I. INTRODUCTION




The All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam pays its grateful and deep obeisance to Puratchi Thalaivar M.G.R., a leader non-pareil of the Tamil people, a great soul whose memory reigns eternal long after his demise, eighth in the line of great immortal and munificent leaders, who resides to this day in the hearts of the poor, the very embodiment of humanism, a shining diamond amongst humans, the apotheoses of golden hearted generosity, the Apple of Perarignar Anna’s eye, the great man who founded the people’s movement entitled the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam in order to save Tamil Nadu from the clutches of a decadent and corrupt regime, and places this Election Manifesto before the people of Tamil Nadu.







II. ACHIEVEMENTS



Led by our charismatic Hon’ble Chief Minister Puratchi Thalaivi J Jayalalithaa, Tamil Nadu is marching ahead victoriously. The Hon’ble Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu Puratchi Thalaivi Amma who took charge as Chief Minister for the third time, after the General Elections to the Tamil Nadu Legislative
5


Assembly in 2011, has been formulating and implementing a host of visionary schemes for the development and welfare of the people of Tamil Nadu.

1. 	Revolution in Education 


“The learned alone have eyes on face

The ignorant two sores of disgrace”

By formulating schemes which are in tune with the great Poet Thiruvalluvar’s couplet quoted above, the Hon’ble Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, Puratchi Thalaivi Amma has been implementing schemes to enable all sections of people in Tamil

Nadu to have access to  education. Students studying in

Government Schools and Government Aided Schools are being provided education free of cost. Apart from this, text books, note books, four sets of uniforms, school bags, footwear, geometry boxes, crayons and colour pencils, and atlases are also being provided to the students free of cost. Students studying in Standards I to XII are provided free bus passes. In addition, free bi-cycles are being given to students of classes XI and XII so as to enable them to reach school in time. Lap-top computers are also being supplied free of cost to the students. In order to reduce dropouts from schools, an educational cash incentive of Rs. 1,500/- for students of Class X and XI Standards, and a sum of Rs. 2,000/- for students of XII Standard who are studying in Government and Government Aided Schools is being given. The students in Government and Government Aided Schools, who have lost their bread winning
6


parents are being provided a grant of Rs. 50,000 as a Fixed Deposit in their names, in a Public Sector Undertaking, so as to ensure that their studies are not affected. With the objective of making education an enjoyable activity for boys and girls without any stress or examination fear, the Government has introduced the Trimester pattern of education.



Taking into account the feeling among parents that their children should have the opportunity to learn English and with the aim of fulfilling this objective, our Government has introduced instruction in the English Medium in some schools.

As a result of such effective steps taken by Hon’ble Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu Puratchi Thalaivi Amma, the number of students who have successfully completed X and XII Std. has increased substantially.



With regard to Higher Education, new Government Engineering Colleges have been opened in Tiruchirappalli, Theni, Dharmapuri and Thanjavur Districts. So far, 11 Polytechnic Colleges have been opened throughout Tamil Nadu. 24 University Constituent Arts and Science Colleges and 12 Government Arts and Science Colleges have been started. A National Law School and an Indian Institute of Information Technology have been established in Srirangam, Tiruchirappalli District. For providing infrastructure facilities in higher educational institutions, a sum of Rs. 100 crores has been allocated and the works are in progress. Posts of Asst.
7


Professors, which were lying vacant in the Colleges are being filled up, based on merit and following the rule of reservation.

Hostel facilities have been provided to students belonging to SC, ST, BC, MBC, and Denotified Communities.

In a nutshell, the AlADMK Government has ushered in a revolution in the field of education.

2. Health


Amongst the creations of God, one of the most wondrous is certainly Human life. As the human body needs to be protected, and all human beings should have good Health, which is Wealth, the Government headed by Hon’ble Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu Puratchi Thalaivi Amma has been taking many effective steps to establish a healthy community. In order to ensure that competent doctors and medical personnel are appointed in time in Government Hospitals, a Medical Recruitment Board, the first of its kind in India, has been constituted in Tamil Nadu. This Board has so far selected and appointed 2,334 Doctors, following the rule of reservation. Prior to the constitution of the Medical Recruitment Board, 2,027 Doctors have been appointed based on reservation. In the last 33 months, 4,361 Doctors have been appointed. Likewise, 912 para-medical personnel have also been appointed.



For the welfare of the poor, the Chief Minister’s Comprehensive Health Insurance Scheme is being implemented. Under this new Insurance Scheme, each family gets a coverage of Rs. 1 lakh per year and Rs. 4 lakh in four
8


years. For certain specified treatments, a sum of Rs. 1.50 lakh is being given. Under this scheme, 6.01 lakh poor people have received treatment to the extent of a sum of Rs. 1,291.41 crores. Of the above, 2,32,000 persons have been treated in Government Hospitals at a cost of Rs.460.33 crore.

In order to ensure that medical facilities available to the rural population are on par with those available to the urban population, 58 Primary Health Centres in rural areas have been upgraded as 30 bedded hospitals. In 42 Primary Health Centres, Maternity and Child Care Units have been established at a cost of Rs. 20 crore. Necessary equipment has been provided to hospitals for undertaking Emergency Maternity Surgeries. In addition, 47 Primary Health Centres have been established at a cost of Rs. 28 crore. New equipment has been provided to 27 District Hospitals at a cost of Rs. 13 crore. Orders have been issued to upgrade Maternity and Child Care Units in Madurai and Salem Medical College Hospitals as Centres of Excellence. The Maternity and Child Care Unit at the Institute of Child Health and Hospital for Children, Egmore has been upgraded. Besides this, all Government Medical College Hospitals have been strengthened. Steps have been taken to establish Obstetric Intensive Care Units in 55 hospitals. In order to improve medical facilities for the rural population, steps have been taken to establish 118 new Primary Health Centres at a cost of Rs. 100 crore and upgradation of 64 Primary Health Centres into 30 bedded Hospitals at a cost of Rs. 77 crore.
9


The Dr. Muthulakshmi Reddy Maternity Benefit Scheme is being implemented for the welfare of poor pregnant women. The maternity benefit under this scheme has been increased from Rs. 6,000/- to Rs. 12,000/- The financial assistance is provided in three instalments. This scheme not only protects the health of pregnant women, but also ensures institutional deliveries in Government Hospitals and vaccination of children.

Health indicators of the State have improved as a result of the pioneering efforts taken in the field of health.

3. Social Welfare Schemes


In order to protect the downtrodden people in Society, the pension given under the Social Security Schemes has been increased from Rs. 500/- to Rs. 1,000/-

To ensure the welfare of women, Mixies, Grinders and Fans are distributed free of cost to all eligible ration card holders. Under this scheme, so far, approximately 81 lakh families have been benefited.



In order to usher in a white revolution, the scheme of free distribution of Milch Cows and Goats is being implemented. So far, 34,687 cows and 15,93,168 goats have been distributed.

Under the Chief Minister’s Solar Powered Green House Scheme, 1,80,000 persons have been benefited with their own houses.


Under the Indira Awaas Yojana Scheme, the State Government is contributing a sum of Rs. 67,500/- for each
10


house. Under the IAY   Scheme, in the last 33 months,

2,11,693 houses have been constructed and another 1,23,106 houses are under construction.

For the welfare of the people of Tamil Nadu, 4,179 buses have been purchased so far and put into operation as against the proposed 6,000 new buses. In addition, 100 small buses are now in operation for the benefit of people in Chennai City. 1,426 new routes have been introduced.

The Marriage Assistance Scheme for poor girls is being implemented. Under this scheme, an assistance of Rs. 25,000/-along with a 4 gram gold coin of 22 carats for making the Thirumangalyam is given. For girls who have obtained a Degree / Diploma, the cash assistance is enhanced to Rs. 50,000/- along with a 4 gram gold coin of 22 carats for making the Thirumangalyam. 3.47 lakh poor girls have benefited under this scheme in the last 2¾ years.



The Tamil Nadu Arasu Cable TV Corporation enables poor people to view more channels at a lower cost.

As a measure of Human Resource Development, the AIADMK Government has given utmost importance to the education and health sectors. At the same time, importance is also being given to social security. The AIADMK will ensure

the implementation of the above laudable schemes at

the All India level.
11



III. BETRAYAL OF TAMIL NADU

BY THE CONGRESS COALITION

GOVERNMENT AT THE CENTRE

AND THE DMK




1. 	Filing of counter against the interests of Tamil Nadu in the case filed in the Supreme Court by Hon’ble Chief Minister Amma for the retrieval of Katchatheevu; 

2. 	Swindling of 2 lakh crore rupees in the 2G Spectrum Scam of Himalayan proportions; 

3. 	Deliberate delay in publishing the Final Award of the Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal given in 2007 in the Gazette of the Government of India. 

4. 	Even after the notification of the Final Award of the Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal on 19.2.2013 by publication in the Government of India Gazette due to the herculean efforts of Amma, no action has been taken to form the Cauvery Management Board as envisaged in the Final Award, thereby favouring Karnataka; 

5. 	Attempting to pass the Prevention of Communal Violence Bill which snatches away the powers vested with the State Government; 

6. 	Trying to introduce the Goods and Services Tax which will reduce the financial resources of the State; 
12


7. 	Following wrong economic polices paving the way for rise in prices; 

8. 	Frequent increase in the price of Petrol, Diesel and LPG resulting in all round spiralling of prices; 

9. 	DMK was supportive of the actions initiated by the Congress Coalition Government at the Centre from time to time, in snatching away the powers of the State Government; 



10. 	Attempting to introduce a Common Entrance Examination for Medical Education which sounds the death knell for social justice; 


11. 	Refusal to allocate power to Tamil Nadu from the Central Pool; 



12. 	Refusal to give DAS Licence to the Tamil Nadu Arasu Cable TV Corporation, thereby denying the poor and downtrodden the opportunity to view a large number of channels at a low cost; 



13. 	Continuous reduction in the allotment of Kerosene to Tamil Nadu; 



14. 	DMK did not question the Congress Coalition Government and maintained silence when the Congress Government provided military training and supplied arms to the Sri Lankan Army for the annihilation of Sri Lankan Tamils; 
13


15. 	Instead of taking steps to stop the genocide in Sri Lanka, the Government of India extended support to the Sri Lankan Army, which in turn killed a large number of Tamils; 



16. 	DMK supported the anti-people policy of the Congress coalition Government at the Centre in permitting Foreign Direct Investment in Retail Trade; 

17. 	Tamil Nadu, which was a power surplus State, was reduced to a power deficit State and the State was plunged into darkness; 


The acts of betrayal and the anti people actions of the DMK and Congress Coalition Government at the Centre are too innumerable to be listed here.



IV. ELECTORAL PROMISES



(A) PERTAINING TO TAMIL NADU


As the development of the States, including Tamil Nadu, is dependent on the Economic Policies, Foreign Policy and Fiscal Policy of the Government of India, it is essential that a Government at the Centre is formed, of which the AIADMK will be an integral part, so as to restore the rights of Tamil Nadu, and to obtain for Tamil Nadu its due share, and for devolving additional powers upon the States. This is an imperative need
14


of the hour. Only then, will the rights of Tamil Nadu be realised and established.

Accordingly, the AIADMK pledges to the people of Tamil Nadu to fulfil the following promises which will remove the suffering and distress of the people of Tamil Nadu and will take Tamil Nadu to the Numero Uno position among the States in India.


1. Co-operative Federalism


In the current scenario, the Central and State Governments should equally share amongst themselves Sovereign power and should not restrict each other and must act independently within their own sphere of jurisdiction. They must find solutions by tackling common problems in a co-operative manner. This is the principle of Co-operative Federalism. The AIADMK will take action to establish, enforce and sustain this principle.



2. Sri Lankan Tamils Issue

The AIADMK is determined to ensure that punishment is given through the International Court of Justice to all those who committed war crimes and genocide against the Tamil minorities during the internal strife in Sri Lanka, which was against international regulations. The AIADMK is also determined to move the United Nations to take action and render justice to the Tamils in Sri Lanka and for holding a Referendum
15


amongst Tamils in Sri Lanka and displaced Sri Lankan

Tamils across the world for formation of a separate

Eelam.


3. Welfare of the Fishermen of Tamil Nadu

Lakhs of fishermen in Tamil Nadu are dependent on fishing for their livelihood. The Fishing Industry occupies an important position in earning foreign exchange. However, fishermen of Tamil Nadu are being frequently arrested and tortured by the Sri Lankan Navy. On account of the swift action taken by the Hon’ble Chief Minister Puratchi Thalaivi Amma, release of the arrested Tamil Fishermen is being secured. However, the Government of India has not evinced any interest in finding a permanent solution to this problem. On the other hand, it seems to be supportive of Sri Lanka. The AIADMK will take action to urge the Sri Lankan Government to put an end to the illegal arrest of innocent Tamil fishermen by the Sri Lankan Navy. It will also take necessary action to create a congenial atmosphere for talks between the fishermen of Sri Lanka and India, so as to protect the interests of the fishermen of Tamil Nadu.








Since deep sea fishing is a solution to the problem of fishermen, in order to encourage deep sea fishing, full grants will be given through the Government of India for the purchase of deep sea fishing boats.
16


In order to ensure the prosperity of fishermen in the coastal areas, the fishing harbours in Kasimedu, Cuddalore, Puducherry, Nagapattinam, Thanjavur, Pudukottai, Ramanathapuram, Kanyakumari and Thoothukudi will be modernized. River mouths from Pulicat to Kanyakumari will be desilted



Sufficient funds will be allocated to prevent sea erosion in Ennore, Cuddalore, Poompuhar, Nagapattinam, Thoothukudi, Kanyakumari, Tirunelveli and Ramanathapuram areas.



For the welfare of the fishermen, the National Fishermen Saving cum Relief Scheme will be revamped.

4. Retrieval of Katcha Theevu

The AIADMK is of the firm view that the retrieval of Katchatheevu is the only solution to permanently resolve the problems of the Tamil Nadu Fishermen. The General Secretary of the AIADMK and Hon’ble Chief Minister Amma filed a case in 2008 in the Supreme Court of India, citing the Berubari case judgement in 1960 and praying that the ceding of Katchatheevu to Sri Lanka, which was part of India, by the 1974 and 1976 Indo-Sri Lankan agreements be declared null and void as it is against the Constitution of India since no Constitutional Amendment was carried out in Parliament. The case is still pending. In order to protect the interests of the fishermen of Tamil Nadu, the AIADMK will take all necessary steps to retrieve Katchatheevu.
17


5. Foreign Direct Investment in Retail Trade

The AIADMK has been incessantly opposing the policy of Foreign Direct Investment in Retail Trade and FDI in retail trade has not been permitted in Tamil Nadu. The policy of FDI in retail trade enormously affects the Manufacturing and Service Sectors in India. This policy will not only affect the livelihood of local small traders but will also annihilate unorganised retail trade. The AIADMK will take all


necessary measures to rescind this policy at the All India

level.


6. Tamil as Official Language

Mahakavi Bharathi has glorified the rich tradition of Tamil language when he said, “There is no sweeter language than Tamil” and “action should be taken to spread the nectar of Tamil across the world”. The Tamil language has a hoary tradition that is more than two thousand years old. Tamil stands independent of other languages. Tamil means beauty; Tamil means nectar; Tamil signifies youth. The long pending demand of the people of Tamil Nadu is to make this ancient Tamil language an official language of India. In order to fulfil this demand, the AIADMK will insist that all the languages included in the VIII Schedule of the Constitution of India be declared as official languages of India. Besides this, the AIADMK will take necessary steps for using Tamil in the proceedings of the High Court of Madras.
18


7. Universal Public Distribution System

In Tamil Nadu, an Universal Public Distribution System is in vogue. Under this system, all the rice card holders are getting rice free of cost. Besides this, Palmolein is being supplied at Rs.25/- per litre, Toor Dal at Rs.30/- per K.G., Urad Dal at Rs.30/- per K.G. and Sugar at Rs.13.50 per K.G. This scheme guarantees total food security for the people of Tamil Nadu. On the contrary, the Food Security scheme recently introduced by the Central Government does not provide food security as being implemented now in Tamil Nadu through the Universal Public Distribution System. The


AIADMK will take measures to replace the half-baked Food Security Scheme of the Government of India with a Universal Public Distribution System, which will benefit all the people of the States, which are already implementing the Universal Public Distribution System.



8. Allotment of Kerosene

The Central Government fixes the allocation of Kerosene to all the States. The monthly requirement of Kerosene for Tamil Nadu is 65,140 KL, but the Government of India does not fulfil the entire requirement and has been continuously reducing the allocation of Kerosene over the past three years. At present, only 29,056 KL is being allocated to Tamil Nadu. This is less than half of the actual requirement. The AIADMK
19


will take necessary action to get the entire requirement

of 65,140 KL of Kerosene allocated to Tamil Nadu.


9. Establishing and Strengthening of Power

Transmission Corridors

Power Transmission Corridors are essential for purchasing power from other States, particularly the Northern States. As the New Power Transmission Corridors have not been established, and the existing corridors have not been strengthened, many difficulties have been experienced in transmitting power from surplus States to deficit States.


Hence, the AIADMK will take steps for establishing new power corridors and strengthening the existing corridors so as to enable the transmission of power from the surplus States to deficit States.



10. DAS Licence to Tamil Nadu Arasu Cable TV

Corporation

The Tamil Nadu Arasu Cable TV Corporation is providing cable services to enable the people of Tamil Nadu, to view a greater more number of channels at a lower cost. However, since the Government of India has not granted the DAS Licence to the Tamil Nadu Arasu Cable TV Corporation in Chennai, a situation has arisen in which people are forced to approach the private cable TV operators. The AIADMK will take action to obtain the DAS licence for the Tamil Nadu Arasu Cable TV Corporation. Likewise, at the All India Level, State
20


Governments will be encouraged and enabled to provide

cable TV services.


11. Cauvery Management Board

Although the Final Award of the Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal was pronounced in February 2007, it was not published in the Central Government Gazette, because of the conspiracy of the then DMK Government and the Congress Government at the Centre. After Hon’ble Amma assumed office as the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, she ensured the Notification of the Final Award in the Central Government Gazette dated 19.2.2013 after a protracted legal battle in the Supreme Court. The Government of India has not yet come forward to establish the Cauvery Management Board for monitoring the release of Cauvery Water to Tamil Nadu by Karnataka, even though more than a year has elapsed since the Final Award of the Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal has been published in the Government of India Gazette. A case pertaining to this is pending in the Supreme Court. The




AIADMK will take necessary action for the expeditious

establishment of the Cauvery Management Board.

B. 	ELECTORAL PROMISES AT NATIONAL LEVEL 

12. 	Secularism 

India is a Sovereign, Socialist, Secular, Democratic Republic. Though India is a Nation of people speaking different languages, practising numerous religious beliefs and following
21


multifarious cultures, yet we are united by the idea of one India, and of being Indians, first and foremost. Secularism means that all Indians have the freedom to practise their own religion and to pursue their own religious beliefs. Though India is a land of diverse faiths, all Indians, irrespective of their religious denomination, share a mutual respect for each other’s religions. It is this belief in the idea of secularism that enables us all to live peacefully and harmoniously. It is the idea of secularism that enables us to look at all religions in a balanced and unbiased manner and to treat all religions as equal. The


All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK)

will strive to reinforce the idea and values of secularism

in Indian society.


13. Social Justice

Social Justice, at its very core, means the creation of equal opportunities for all socially and economically weaker sections of Society. Our Social Justice Policy should aim at exterminating social inequalities and discrimination in Society. The implementation of such a policy will create a suitable environment for creating equal opportunities for all. It is based on such a foundation of social justice that Tamil Nadu has formulated and successfully implemented to this day, the policy of 69% reservation in education and employment. When the policy of 69% reservation was threatened by forces inimical to social justice, it was our Permanent General Secretary of the AIADMK, our Hon’ble Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, Puratchi
22


Thalaivi Amma who gave the policy of 69% reservation the Constitutional shield of protection by getting the Act included in the IXth Schedule of the Constitution of India. The AIADMK will strive hard to continue to uphold the policy of 69% reservation. Similarly, in accordance with the unique social structure prevailing in each State, action will be taken to implement reservation in other States.



14. Women’s Welfare

Tamil Nadu is in the forefront of all States in formulating and implementing numerous schemes for the welfare of women. The Cradle Baby Scheme was introduced by our Revolutionary Leader Hon’ble Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, Puratchi Thalaivi Amma to rid Society of the scourge of female infanticide. This scheme is being successfully implemented to this day. As a measure of social security for women and to enable women from poor families to conduct their marriages without difficulty, a scheme of “Marriage Assistance” granting Rs.25,000/- and 4 grams of gold for Thirumangalyam, and Rs.50,000/- and 4 grams of gold for Thirumangalyam for graduate and diploma holders has been formulated by the Hon’ble Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, Puratchi Thalaivi Amma and is being successfully implemented in Tamil Nadu. Our Hon’ble Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, Puratchi Thalaivi Amma has introduced the Girl Child Protection Scheme under which, the only girl child in a poor family is provided a grant of Rs.50,000/- as Fixed Deposit, for the benefit and welfare of the
23


girl child, and in the case of 2 girl children in a family, a sum of Rs.25,000/- for each girl child is provided as a Fixed Deposit. Our Hon’ble Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, Puratchi Thalaivi Amma has also formulated several other schemes aimed at the empowerment and protection of women like the All Women Police Stations, All Women Commando Force, Women Self Help Groups, the revolutionary order enabling the Mother’s name to be used as an initial in the name of children, the 13 Point Programme -- a trail-blazing scheme for the entire Country for protection of women from sexual violence etc, are some among her innumerable schemes for the protection, development and welfare of women in Tamil Nadu. The AIADMK will strive to


extend and implement such schemes for the protection

and development of women throughout India.


15. Women’s Reservation

“A nation that treats men and women as equals will surely shine as an enlightened nation,” sang the National Poet, Bharathiar. True to these inspirational lines of Poet Bharathiar our Hon’ble Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, Puratchi Thalaivi Amma, is firmly committed to ensuring equal rights for women in every sphere. As a trail-blazer for the entire Nation in bringing about true empowerment of women and securing equal rights for women, it is our Hon’ble Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, Puratchi Thalaivi Amma, who brought about 33% reservation for women in the AIADMK Party organization as early as in the year 1990. In the General Elections to the Tamil
24


Nadu Legislative Assembly in 1991, a record number of 31 women were elected. This historic achievement was due to the initiative taken by our Hon’ble Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, Puratchi Thalaivi Amma, to whom must go the entire credit. Our Hon’ble Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, Puratchi Thalaivi Amma is of the firm conviction that if women are to achieve real political empowerment, women’s Reservation must be implemented in State Legislatures and in Parliament. The Hon’ble Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, Puratchi Thalaivi Amma has been consistently pressing this demand. The AIADMK will take necessary action to introduce and enact the Women’s Reservation Bill which will provide 33% reservation for women in State Legislatures and in Parliament.






16. Nationalisation and Interlinking of Rivers

“From the surplus waters that flow through Bengal to the sea, let us sow the fields of the rest of India” was the fond dream of Mahakavi Subramania Bharathi. The interlinking of the rivers Ganga, Tungabhadra, Krishna and Cauvery will bring prosperity to India and foster the spirit of national integration. Though 66 years have passed since India attained independence, no effective action has been taken for the interlinking of rivers. Though there are many perennial rivers in the North of the Country, they do not benefit agriculture in the Southern States. While one part of the Country faces floods, storms and other natural disasters, another part of the Country
25


faces the regular spectre of drought. If all of India is to be prosperous, we must enact legislation to enable the harmonious inter-basin transfer of surplus waters from one part of the Country to another for the overall benefit of all the States in the country. The AIADMK will take necessary

action for the nationalisation and interlinking of rivers.


17. Shareholding in Public Sector Enterprises

As shares of Public Sector Enterprises are being divested to private hands, the Public Sector character of such enterprises is getting diluted. Public Sector Enterprises function with the goal of national development. If such enterprises go into the hands of private shareholders who only have a profit motive, they will move away from the basic goal of national development. This will also cause labour unrest and labour problems will arise. Hence, the AIADMK continues to maintain its firm stand that PSU shares should not be sold to private entities. When the Congress led coalition Government at the Centre tried to divest the shares of Neyveli Lignite Corporation to private persons, not only did the Hon’ble Chief Minister, Puratchi Thalaivi Amma strongly oppose the move, but also came up with a very ingenious and unconventional solution of recommending the sale of shares to State Public Sector Undertakings in Tamil Nadu, thereby scoring a resounding victory. The AIADMK will ensure that there is no disinvestment of shares of Public Sector Undertakings. The AIADMK will ensure that shares of
26


Public Sector Undertakings are not divested and will work towards completely stopping the process of privatization of Public Sector Undertakings.

18. Foreign Policy

In the absence of strong leadership, India’s foreign policy has been weak and as a result, China has been intensifying its border transgressions; terrorists and militants have been active along the Line of Control in Kashmir with support from the Pakistan Army, and the Sri Lankan Navy has been committing excesses against Indian fishermen. The AIADMK’s firm stance is that to preserve the security and integrity of India, long standing border disputes with other countries should be resolved. The AIADMK will work to secure a permanent seat for India in the United Nations Security Council. The Foreign policy of the Country should not hurt the interests of the States in the Country. Hence, the interests of the States will be kept in mind while formulating foreign policy.






19. Petrol, Diesel, Natural Gas Pricing Policy

As the Oil Marketing Companies determine the domestic price of petrol and diesel based on the petrol and diesel prices in the international market and the US dollar-Indian rupee exchange rate, the prices of petroleum products are now being raised twice every month. Petrol and diesel are the key anchors of the Indian economy. As the Central Government Oil
27


Marketing Companies continuously increase petrol and diesel prices, the prices of other essential commodities are also continuously spiralling upwards. 25 per cent of India’s total crude oil requirement is produced within the country. The balance 75 per cent crude oil is imported from other countries. When it is crude oil which is imported and processed in the country, it is completely unjust to determine the prices of domestic petrol and diesel based on international prices of petrol and diesel. If the price of petrol and diesel is determined based on the cost of production of crude oil within the country, the actual import price of imported crude oil, and the cost of refining the crude oil, then it would be a fair pricing mechanism. This will ensure that the prices of essential commodities are kept under control. The AIADMK will take steps to change the mechanism of determining the prices of petrol and diesel and will also withdraw the authority given to the Oil Marketing Companies to determine the prices of petrol and diesel. Action will be taken to determine the direct two-way exchange rate between the currency of different countries and the Indian rupee, i.e. a currency swap arrangement will be put in place. A separate Fund will be established to insulate and hedge the impact of variations of exchange rate on the price of petroleum products and thereby protect the common public from adverse price shocks. Action will be taken to maintain the price of Petrol, Diesel and domestic LPG at the same level throughout
28


the year. Steps will be taken to increase the eligible number of subsidized LPG cylinders. The price of natural gas is being determined on the basis of the global market price and in US dollar terms. The price paid to developers and extractors of natural gas has been doubled by the Central Government with effect from 1.4.2014. This price increase will be reviewed.



20. Recovery of Black Money

Indians have stashed away many lakh crores of rupees of black money from India in foreign banks. The Central Government has taken no action so far to recover such black money from foreign countries. When the AIADMK is part of the new Central Government action will be taken to bring back to India many lakh crores of rupees which are lying in banks in foreign countries.



21.  Review  of  Double  Taxation  Avoidance

Agreements with Other Countries

Double Taxation Avoidance Agreements (DTAAs) are entered into between two countries to avoid taxing twice the income earned in one country and repatriated to another country. The DTAAs are being misused to launder black money. Further, the DTAAs are also being misused to reduce tax realisation for India. Further, the loopholes in the Transfer Pricing Policy are being exploited to evade tax. Action will be


taken to enhance Indian tax revenue by eliminating
29


these loopholes and taking stringent action against those taking shelter under double taxation avoidance agreements to evade tax.



22. Vision 2023

The Hon’ble Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu Puratchi Thalaivi Amma has unveiled the Vision Tamil Nadu 2023 Document which aims at raising the living standards of the people of Tamil Nadu to the standards of developed countries, creating infrastructure to enable speedy industrial growth, and making Tamil Nadu the Numero Uno State in India. The AIADMK will take necessary action to prepare a similar Vision Document for the all round development of the whole of India as well.



23. Minorities Welfare

The AIADMK shows the way for the rest of India in ensuring the welfare of the Minorities. The AIADMK Government in Tamil Nadu provides grants for Christians undertaking pilgrimages to Jerusalem. Every year 500 Christians receive such grants for undertaking the pilgrimage to Jerusalem. The AIADMK Government has not only increased the number of persons receiving the Ulema pension but has also increased the pension amount. The administrative grant for the Wakf Board has been increased to Rs 1 crore. A special grant of Rs 3 crore was provided in 2012-13 for the development of Wakf Institutions. To enable more members of
30


minority communities to take up self-employment, larger loan

assistance is being provided. The AIADMK will take necessary measures to ensure that these welfare measures are implemented throughout India.

The long pending demand to include Scheduled Caste converts to other religions in the list of Scheduled Castes will be fulfilled.

24. Welfare of Senior Citizens

Respect for elders is an integral part of Indian culture. However, with the growth of nuclear families, the family based safety net that senior citizens could fall back upon is fraying. To overcome this situation, Tamil Nadu today provides Rs 1000 per month as social security pension to nearly 37 lakh people including old aged persons in the State. The AIADMK will

take action to increase the old age pension amount paid

by the Central Government.

It is essential to provide medical care for senior citizens. To address this need, the Hon’ble Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu Puratchi Thalaivi Amma has ensured that the coverage under the Tamil Nadu Chief Minister’s Comprehensive Insurance Scheme is provided without any age restriction. The AIADMK

will take action to implement such a Comprehensive

Medical Insurance Scheme all over the Country.
31


25. Welfare of the Differently Abled

The AIADMK is determined that differently abled persons should be enabled to live a life of dignity and independence. Maintenance allowance for differently abled persons has been raised to Rs 1500 per month in Tamil Nadu. Action will be taken to provide a similar maintenance allowance all over the country. Further, a special drive will be launched to fill up 3 per cent reservation provided for differently abled persons in Government. The benefit provided under Section 80 DD of the Income Tax Act for differently abled persons or their families will be increased to Rs 100,000 from the existing Rs 50,000. A time bound programme will be launched to ensure the accessibility of public buildings to differently abled persons by provision of ramps.






26. Amending the Income Tax Act to ensure that

States are not deprived of Revenues

Till 2012-13, various levies like privilege fee, vend fee, licence fees paid by State Public Sector Undertakings to the State Government were allowed to be deducted from the income of the PSUs for payment of tax. The Finance Bill 2013 amended Section 40 of the Income Tax Act to provide that any amount paid by way of fee, charge, etc. which is levied exclusively on a State Government Undertaking, by the State Government, shall not be allowed as deduction for the purposes of computation of income of such undertakings. This
32


provision has hurt the non-tax revenues of the State considerably. The Government of India will earn additional income tax in the process. The provision also does not apply to Central Public Sector Undertakings. The AIADMK will take

necessary steps to withdraw this Amendment to the

Income Tax Act.


27. Coal Scam

The Central Government had taken a decision as early as in 2004 that the license to mine coal, which is very essential for power generation, would be allocated to private parties on the basis of open auctions. However, the Central Government did not create the framework for such auctions. Instead, coal mining licenses at different locations were given to various private parties on a nomination basis. As a result, many private entities gained windfall profits. The Comptroller and Auditor General of India has reported that the Central Government suffered a loss of Rs 1,86,000 crores as a result of the award of coal mining licenses to private players. The


AIADMK will take necessary action to modify the coal mining policy to ensure that State Public Enterprises are able to obtain coal at lower prices and at the same time the revenue to the Central Government is increased.

28. Ensuring Fair Pricing of Natural Resources

The AIADMK is firmly of the view that the natural

resources of the Country should be made available to
33


consumers at a fair price. To enable this, a transparent

Natural Resources Policy will be formulated by the

AIADMK.


29. Personal Income Tax

Currently, any person earning an income of more than Rs. 2 lakhs is required to pay income tax under the Income Tax Act. As a result the common people are adversely affected. At a time when they are battling inflation and price rise, the burden of income tax further oppresses the common people.

To provide some relief to the common people, the AIADMK will take necessary action to increase the Income Tax exemption limit to Rs. 5 lakhs.

30. Export-Import Policy

Foreign trade is important not only to earn foreign exchange, but also for the overall economic development of the Country. The trade policy should not only enable competitiveness, but should also ensure that there are opportunities for domestic enterprises to grow into large international entities. When there is no protection for domestic production and goods and the emphasis is on imports, domestic agricultural and industrial production is affected, resulting in people employed in such industries losing their jobs. The Central Government has permitted foreign investment even in retail trade. The AIADMK’s policy is that


there should be adequate protection for domestic
34


industries; domestic industries should be made internationally competitive, and imports should be reduced, while exports are enhanced. The AIADMK is of the view that only through such a policy will it be possible to combat inflation and to control the depreciation of the Indian rupee. The AIADMK will take necessary action to implement such a policy.



31. Action to Augment the Financial Resources of

States

There is no doubt that the State Governments are in much closer contact with the people. The responsibility for allocating funds for public services like education, public health, food security, nutrition and family welfare is vested with the States. To provide such services, financial resources are very essential. To deliver the basic services that the people need, State Governments are in need of resources. However, the powers to raise resources are concentrated in the Central Government. The AIADMK is of the view that the mode of distribution of these financial resources to the States needs to be revamped. The Centre levies a number of cesses and surcharges which are not shareable with the States. They now amount to close to 8 percent of the Centre's Gross Tax Revenue. The AIADMK will insist that such cesses and surcharges should also be made shareable with the States.





The Central Government is releasing grants to States with numerous conditions and administering
35


them in a non-transparent manner and at its own discretion. The AIADMK will take action to change this situation and ensure that grants are released to States in a transparent manner. The share of grants under Article 275, released at the discretion of the Central Government, in total devolution to States has increased to 18.1 percent of the total transfers in the Thirteenth Finance Commission’s period, up from just 7.2 percent in the Seventh Commission’s award. This is not a welcome trend as discretionary grants can be released on the basis of favouritism and in a non-transparent manner. The AIADMK will take action to limit the grants under Article 275 to 7 per cent of the total devolution and ensure that most of the resource transfer to the States takes place through the Finance Commission recommended tax devolution route.





The Central Government does not provide adequate resources to the States to meet their expenditure obligations and instead habitually tries to stealthily transfer more and more expenditure responsibilities to the States. The AIADMK is strongly opposed to this deceitful action of the Central Government. The AIADMK will take necessary action to ensure that if any subsidy burden is sought to be transferred to the States, then adequate financial resources are also transferred.
36


32. Opposition to the Recommendations of the

Raghuram Rajan Committee

The criteria evolved by the Raghuram Rajan Committee report to determine the level of development of a State are not the appropriate indicators. If resource allocations to States are determined only on the basis of the Raghuram Rajan Committee report, it would cause a huge loss to a progressive State like Tamil Nadu and hence the AIADMK is strongly of the view that the Raghuram Rajan Committee Report should be totally rejected and will canvass this view before the 14th


Finance Commission. The AIADMK is very firm in its stand that, when grants are allocated to States on the basis of the resource gap, the better performing States should be given adequate consideration, and further that, only the 1971 Census population should be the basis for determining the allocation of resources to States. The AIADMK is also of the firm view that the 14th Finance Commission should be allowed to make its recommendations independently without being influenced by the recommendations of the Raghuram Rajan Committee, particularly with reference to resource allocation based on the index of underdevelopment. The AIADMK will take necessary steps to ensure that measures to improve State finances are implemented.
37


33. Financial Transfers to Local Bodies

The AIADMK will take necessary steps to ensure that 5 per cent of the shareable pool of Central Tax revenue is devolved to local bodies.

34. Macro Economic Policy and Financial Policy

When a country’s imports exceed exports, it results in a trade deficit, which becomes the root cause of a Current Account Deficit. The difference between the foreign exchange flowing into a country and the foreign exchange flowing out of the country is the Current Account Deficit. It is necessary to promote domestic manufacturing and production so that it not only fulfils the domestic needs but can also be exported to other countries. Imports should be limited only to those essential goods of which there is a shortage in the country. If such a policy is adopted, it will reduce the Current Account Deficit and enable faster economic development of the Country. The AIADMK will take necessary steps to adopt such a policy.



To ensure that the country’s economy is insulated from shocks, it is essential that the Indian Rupee’s value is maintained without volatile fluctuations. Necessary measures will be taken in this direction. The value of the Indian rupee is vulnerable to volatile fluctuations because of large volumes of short term capital inflows and outflows both in the stock markets and debt markets. Therefore, short term capital flows will not be
38


encouraged and only long term foreign direct investment will be given importance. Speculative trading in currency derivatives will also be eliminated.

Action will also be taken to bring down inflation. Consumer Prices inflation and food inflation will be specifically targeted and controlled by taking action to bring down input costs.



The Macro Economic Policy will be formulated in such a manner as to ensure higher growth, bring down consumer price inflation and reduce the Current Account Deficit.



35. Agriculture

In 2011-12, food grain production in Tamil Nadu reached a record level of 101.51 lakh metric tonnes. Tamil Nadu received the Central Government’s award for this achievement. Tamil Nadu has adopted many strategies for improving the production and productivity of agricultural crops like disseminating high-end technologies, popularising farm mechanization, creating irrigation facilities, developing post harvest and marketing infrastructure, creating storage facilities, and upgrading the capacity of the Agriculture Department. The AIADMK will take all necessary action to expand such initiatives all over India.





Action will be taken to waive the entire interest payable on crop loans for those farmers who repay their loans on time.
39


The Congress led Central Government had agreed to a number of conditionalities targeted against Indian farmers in the World Trade Organization (WTO) meeting held in Bali, Indonesia, in December, 2013. Subsidies provided for Public Stockholding Programmes, i.e. for food security programmes were not deleted from the list of subsidies which are not permissible. The Clause which was agreed upon under which, if the subsidies exceed the limit of 10 per cent, they would not be challenged for a period of four years and would be open to scrutiny thereafter and the fact that the subsidies would be reckoned on the basis of the 1986 market prices are clauses which are against India’s interests. Similarly, a condition has been imposed that to promote trade the infrastructure in the ports needs to be improved. Such a clause only facilitates greater imports from developed countries. The AIADMK will




take action to modify the clauses which are adverse to

India’s interests.


36. Farmers’ Protection Programme

The Hon’ble Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, Puratchi Thalaivi Amma had launched the “The Tamil Nadu Chief Minister’s Farmers Protection Programme” on 15.8.2005 with the aim of providing lifelong “womb to tomb” social security coverage to all agricultural labourers and small and marginal farmers in Tamil Nadu. In 2006, the DMK Government abandoned this scheme and instead brought in a new legislation. Since the welfare assistance available to farmers was not adequate under
40


this legislation, in 2011 the Hon’ble Chief Minister Puratchi Thalaivi Amma launched a new scheme “The Chief Minister’s Farmers’ Protection Scheme”. Under this Scheme, agricultural labourers, farmers and their family members are eligible for educational assistance, marriage assistance, maternity assistance, old age pension, and assistance in the event of death.



The AIADMK will implement the Farmers’ Protection Scheme, which provides substantial benefits to farmers and agricultural labourers, throughout India.

37. Manufacturing Sector

The Manufacturing Sector is very important both for the overall economic development of the Country and to provide employment. Tamil Nadu is taking a number of steps to develop the Manufacturing Sector. Many measures to promote both foreign and domestic industrial investment are being implemented in Tamil Nadu. The provision of uninterrupted power supply and adequate water supply, and a speedy and transparent process of according necessary clearances and approvals are the reasons why the number of industrial investors in Tamil Nadu has been continuously growing. The


Hon’ble Chief Minister Puratchi Thalaivi Amma has recently released Industrial Policies to further encourage the Manufacturing Sector. The AIADMK will take similar steps to promote the Manufacturing Sector at the all India level.
41


Action will be taken to establish a Manufacturing Zone, to promote domestic savings and to upgrade infrastructure. These measures will result in a further increase in investment in the Manufacturing Sector. The share of manufacturing in the total Gross Domestic Product of the Country will be increased to 30 per cent.

38. Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises

Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises play a very important role in the economic development of the Country. The Hon’ble Chief Minister Puratchi Thalaivi Amma is implementing a number of measures to improve the competitiveness of small and medium enterprises through easier availability of credit facilities, a favourable policy and regulatory environment, and technological, marketing and infrastructural support. The AIADMK will work towards


ensuring that similar facilities are extended to the rest

of India as well.


39. Unorganized Labour Welfare

The AIADMK government is implementing a number of measures to provide security for unorganized labour. The Hon’ble Chief Minister Puratchi Thalaivi Amma is the person who constituted a separate Welfare Board for the benefit of Unorganized Labour and provided them with several benefits.

The AIADMK will take  necessary steps to establish

Welfare Boards for Unorganized Labour in all the States
42


and ensure that all benefits are extended to the

unorganized labour in all parts of India.

40. Textile Industry

The Textile industry is one of the ancient and traditional industries of India. The textile industry makes a significant contribution both by providing substantial employment and by earning foreign exchange for the Country. However, India’s share in the global textile trade has stagnated at about 3 to 4 per cent for the past 20 years. At the same time China’s share is about 35 per cent and the share of Vietnam which entered the textile trade only in 2005 is 3.5 per cent. The


AIADMK will take all necessary measures to promote

textile exports from India.

41. Increasing Employment

The dream of the Hon’ble Chief Minister Puratchi Thalaivi Amma is that no youth in Tamil Nadu should be unemployed, poverty should be totally eradicated, every person in the State should have access to medical facilities, education, drinking water supply and sanitation facilities, and that everyone should enjoy a life of prosperity, security and peace. It is to realize this dream that the Hon’ble Chief Minister has released the two phases of the Vision Tamil Nadu 2023 and Industrial Policies. As a result, many thousands of youth have secured employment. Further, lakhs of youth will now have the opportunity to obtain employment. Thanks to the strenuous efforts of the Hon’ble Chief Minister Amma over the past 2¾
43


years, the rural areas in Tamil Nadu have undergone a massive socio-economic transformation. Creating jobs in the non-agricultural sectors is the surest antidote to poverty, particularly in rural areas, and to ensure that the large numbers of youth in this country are offered the opportunities and prospects they aspire to. Action will be taken to create

at least ten crore jobs in the next five years across the

Country. Such jobs will be created in the Manufacturing Sector, Small Scale Manufacturing Sector and in the Services Sector. They will be technology linked jobs. This means favourable investment opportunities for small and medium enterprises and for large enterprises have to be created. Youth have to be trained adequately to occupy such jobs. Skill development and flexible vocational education will be the thrust areas to ensure that the youth become employable.





The Government employees are the backbone of an effective Government. The recommendations of the 7th

Central Pay Commission will be implemented for all Central Government employees. Pay revisions for State Government employees in Tamil Nadu will be effected based on these recommendations.

42. Eradication of Corruption

The coalition Government at Congress has been implicated in charges. The main cause for such


the Centre led
by the
a number
of
corruption
corruption
is
the
lack of
44


transparency in Governance. There would be no room for even the word corruption if the Nation’s assets and natural resources are not sought to be given away at throw away prices to private entities, but are transacted only by means of public auctions, which will ensure that the Government receives higher revenues and thereby benefit the people of the Country.


The AIADMK guarantees that such a corruption free

Government will be formed at the Centre.

43. A Central Government which performs

Over the last 10 years, the Central Government was not in a position to take any co-ordinated policy decisions. It was afflicted with policy paralysis. Even among the few sectoral policy decisions that were taken, most were wrong policy choices and were designed to contribute to delays. If a Central Government is formed with the participation of the AIADMK, necessary action will be taken to ensure that there is strong and co-ordinated policy making, cutting across sectors and departments. To take such strong policy decisions, it is essential to have a determined, bold and strong leadership. The AIADMK will provide such leadership.




V. CONCLUSION



The weight of global economic power is shifting inexorably towards Asia, particularly India and China. It is our firm conviction that within India, Tamil Nadu would emerge as the epicentre of such power. We have a vision for India in which
45


Tamil Nadu will play a key role - a vision of a resurgent India; a Nation with an inclusive society and open markets; a Nation of enterprise and creativity, driven by knowledge and shaped by family values; a Nation of growth with equity; a Nation with peace, stability and development; a modern, secular and prosperous India. We assure you that the day this Vision will be realized is not far.



This Election Manifesto not only indicates what will be done for Tamil Nadu and the Tamil people, but also clearly spells out what measures will be taken up at the all India level.

To save the Indian Nation and to take India forward on the path of Peace, Prosperity and Progress, the AIADMK, led by the talented, courageous, capable, wise, humane and decisive Hon’ble Chief Minister Puratchi Thalaivi Amma, is placing before you this Action Plan.


For a Prosperous India!

For a strong and efficient Government!

For Tamil Nadu to flourish!

Please vote for the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam.

Always Remember! Your symbol is:













“Two Leaves”
